[Music]
then I raised my eyes and looked and
behold a man with a measuring line in
his hand so I said where are you going
to measure Jerusalem to see what is its
width and what is its length and there
was the angel who talked with me going
out and another angel was coming out to
meet him one speak to this young man
saying Jerusalem shall be inhabited as
towns without walls because of the
multitude of men and livestock in it for
eyes says the Lord will be a wall of
fire around her and I will be the glory
in her midst up up flee from the land of
the North says the Lord for I have
spread you abroad like the four winds of
heaven says the Lord up Zion escape you
who dwell with the daughter of Babylon
for thus says the Lord of Hosts he sent
me after glory to the nations which
plunder you for he who touches you
touches the apple of his eye for surely
I will shake my hand against them and
they shall become spoil for their
servants then you will know that the
Lord of Hosts has sent me sing and
rejoice o daughter of Zion for behold I
am coming and I will dwell in your midst
says the Lord many nations shall be
joined to the Lord in that day and they
shall become my people and I will dwell
in your midst then you will know that
the Lord of Hosts has sent me to you and
the Lord will take possession of Judah
and his inheritance in the Holy Land and
will again choose Jerusalem be silent
all flesh before the Lord for he is
aroused from his holy habitation
[Music]